engine: rename for 7002 partial withdrawals and 7685 requests (#535)
ethereum/execution-apis: src/engine/prague.md

*Note:* The `amount` value is represented in Gwei.

### WithdrawalRequestV1

> This structure represents an execution layer triggered exit operation.

Reviewer: `exit operation` -> `withdrawal request`

- `withdrawals`: `Array of WithdrawalV1` - Array of withdrawals, each object is an `OBJECT` containing the fields of a `WithdrawalV1` structure.
- `blobGasUsed`: `QUANTITY`, 64 Bits
- `excessBlobGas`: `QUANTITY`, 64 Bits
- `depositRequests`: `Array of DepositRequestV1` - Array of deposits, each object is an `OBJECT` containing the fields of a `DepositRequestV1` structure.

> - `withdrawalRequests`: `Array of WithdrawalRequestV1` - Array of exits, each object is an `OBJECT` containing the fields of a `WithdrawalRequestV1` structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `withdrawalRequests`: `Array of WithdrawalRequestV1` - Array of withdrawal requests, each object is an `OBJECT` containing the fields of a `WithdrawalRequestV1` structure.
```
